.. Gold & Gallows documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Sep 11 17:36:11 2024.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Gold & Gallows documentation
============================

.. Add your content using ``reStructuredText`` syntax. See the
.. `reStructuredText <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/index.html>`_
.. documentation for details.

Welcome to the `Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/index.html>`_ autogenerated documentation portal for Gold & Gallows.

You can find Gold & Gallows at https://github.com/Cnecomicz/gold-and-gallows. It is a labor of love  with generous help from viewers on Twitch, in particular the following VIPs:

* Meleneth `Twitch <https://www.twitch.tv/meleneth>`_ `Github <https://github.com/meleneth>`_
* Blaiselabs `Twitch <https://www.twitch.tv/blaiselabs>`_ `Github <https://github.com/BlaiseLabs>`_
* Noyainrain `Twitch <https://www.twitch.tv/noyainrain>`_ `Github <https://github.com/noyainrain>`_

This will be a minimally-maintained location to quickly access docstrings and other information about the source files of Gold & Gallows. If you want to help contribute to the project, I'm incredibly grateful and I hope this gives you a leg up.

If you just want to play Gold & Gallows, you can read instructions for downloading and running the game at https://github.com/Cnecomicz/gold-and-gallows/blob/trunk/README.md. You can also download PDFs of the tabletop version of Gold & Gallows too, for a more analog experience.

Thank you!

Eric


Modules
-------

Here are all of the modules in the ./src/ directory. Warning: they do not (yet) get automatically added to this table! Please let me know if you notice any missing.


.. autosummary::
   :toctree: modules

   src.gng.main
   src.gng.global_constants
   src.gng.camera_functions
   src.gng.dice_roller
   src.gng.entities_and_components
   src.gng.entity_instances
   src.gng.text_handling
   src.gng.managers.character_statistics
   src.gng.managers.clock_manager
   src.gng.managers.debugging_manager
   src.gng.managers.dialogue_manager
   src.gng.managers.gameplay_state_machine_manager
   src.gng.managers.manual_controls
   src.gng.event_handlers.character_creator_event_handler
   src.gng.event_handlers.character_sheet_event_handler
   src.gng.event_handlers.debugging_event_handler
   src.gng.event_handlers.dialogue_event_handler
   src.gng.event_handlers.manual_controls_event_handler
   src.gng.event_handlers.pygame_event_handler
   src.gng.updaters.camera_targeting_updater
   src.gng.updaters.character_creator_updater
   src.gng.updaters.clock_updater
   src.gng.updaters.debugging_updater
   src.gng.updaters.manual_controls_updater
   src.gng.artists.character_creator_artist
   src.gng.artists.character_sheet_artist
   src.gng.artists.debugging_artist
   src.gng.artists.dialogue_artist
   src.gng.artists.game_world_artist